
HOWTO Release EyeDB


This mini-howto explains how to make a release of EyeDB.


1) Creating the EyeDB sources tarballs and checking the distribution

1-1) Creating the tarballs

Creating the tarballs is done simply by:
'make dist'

This will create 2 tarballs, eyedb-RELEASE.tar.bz2 and
eyedb-RELEASE.tar.gz (where RELEASE is replaced by the current release
number, for instance 2.8.8).

1-2) Checking the distribution

This is done by:
'make mydistcheck'

Standard automake 'make distcheck' cannot work for EyeDB, which
requires being installed first.

Running 'make mydistcheck' will:
- create the tarballs
- untar a tarball in a new, empty directory
- run 'configure', 'make', 'make install' in this directory
- run 'eyedb-post-install.sh'
- run 'make check' to run the test suites on the distribution


2) Creating the EyeDB documentation tarballs

To create the EyeDB documentation tarballs, the documentation must 
first be compiled.
In order to produce a full EyeDB documentation, the following 
packages must be installed:
- xsltproc and XSL manpages stylesheet, to build the man pages
- xsltproc and XSL stylesheet, to build the HTML version of docbook 
  manuals
- dblatex, to build PDF version of docbook manuals
- LaTeX, to build the PDF version of LaTeX manuals
- doxygen, to build the documentation for the C++ binding
- javadoc, to build the documentation for the Java binding

Refer to "EyeDB compilation and installation" documentation for further
information.

The EyeDB documentation tarballs can be created by running:
'make doc-archive'
in top build directory.
Running 'make doc-archive' will check that all the necessary tools
are configured to produce a full documentation. It will then compile and 
install the documentation and make tarballs of the installed documentation.

The created tarballs are in:
doc/eyedb-doc-VERSION.tar.gz
doc/eyedb-doc-VERSION.tar.bz2 


3) Uploading the EyeDB sources and documentation tarballs to sourceforge

Once created and checked, uploading the tarballs is done by:
- logging in to sourceforge
- go to EyeDB project page
- go to the File Manager (under Project Admin menu)
- create folders for the new release (use the 'gear' menu). The name
of the forlders is the release number, 2 folders must be created, one
for the sources, under EyeDB/, and one for the documentation, under
EyeDB documentation/
- upload the tarballs in these folders (use the 'gear' menu)

That's all, the project news will be updated automatically.
The 'download' links on www.eyedb.org web site will be updated 
automatically as well, with a slight delay because of wordpress cache. 


4) Uploading the EyeDB documentation to www.eyedb.org

One uploaded to sourceforge, the EyeDB documentation must be uploaded to
www.eyedb.org in order to be available online.
This is done by:
- copying the documentation tarball (either the .tar.gz or the .tar.bz2), 
using scp to the server hosting www.eyedb.org
- extracting the documentation in the wp-contents/uploads/ subdirectory 
of the wordpress installation
- update the symbolic link eyedb-doc-current/ to point to the newly created
documentation directory, which is named eyedb-doc-VERSION (as the wordpress
documentation page uses URLs that point to eyedb-doc-current, there is no
need to update the wordpress page for each release).


5) Posting to eyedb-general

Once the release done, it is convenient to send a mail to
eyedb-general@lists.sourceforge.net to announce the new release.


